fix(upgrade): skip upgrade path check (#7586)
longhorn/longhorn: chart/README.md

| annotations | `{}` | Annotations to add to the Longhorn Manager DaemonSet Pods. Optional. |
| enableGoCoverDir | `false` | Enable this to allow Longhorn to generate code coverage profiles |
| enablePSP | `false` | For Kubernetes < v1.25, if your cluster enables Pod Security Policy admission controller, set this to `true` to ship a built-in longhorn-psp PodSecurityPolicy which allow privileged Longhorn pods to start |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.enabled | `false` | Setting that allows the creation of a Prometheus ServiceMonitor resource for Longhorn Manager components. |

> | preUpgradeChecker.jobEnabled | `true` | Setting that allows Longhorn to perform pre-upgrade checks. Disable this setting when installing Longhorn using Argo CD or other GitOps solutions. |

Reviewer: "Setting that allows Longhorn to perform pre-upgrade checks before starting the Longhorn Manager DaemonSet Pods. Disable this setting when installing Longhorn using Argo CD or other GitOps solutions.`"

Author: Modified. Thanks.

> | preUpgradeChecker.jobEnabled | `true` | Setting that allows Longhorn to perform pre-upgrade checks. Disable this setting when installing Longhorn using Argo CD or other GitOps solutions. |

Reviewer: "Setting that allows Longhorn to perform upgrade version checks after starting the Longhorn Manager DaemonSet Pods. Disabling this setting also disables `preUpgradeChecker.jobEnabled`, but it's not recommended to disable it."

Author: Modified. Thanks.

> | preUpgradeChecker.upgradeVersionCheck | `true` | Setting that allows Longhorn to perform upgrade version checks. Disabling this setting will also disable `jobEnabeld`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Setting that allows Longhorn to perform upgrade version checks. Disabling this setting also disables `preUpgradeChecker.jobEnabled`. |
```

Author: Modified. Thanks

> | preUpgradeChecker.upgradeVersionCheck | `true` | 

I think it was removed by mistake, right?
